Hi!
Jakob,
Unisport WebTV!
Today is the big Premier, -
- because I will be reviewing
this bad boy -
- it is the Nike Premier -
- which is Nike's shot a classic boot,
but with modern features.
Nike Premier will be going head to head,
with the boot icon from 1979 -
- which is the Adidas' Copa Mundial -
- and the question now is;
is the Nike Premier a worthy contender?
Find out today,
when I give you my verdict of the boot here.
Let's see what happens,
let's dive into it.
Ohh and it is a modern classic,
so let's get some colour!
There we are,
let's go!
One of the things
that many people connect with
classic boots -
- is one central area -
- which is comfort.
This is naturally also where Nike
have focused the most
on the Premier.
The upper is entirely made of leather, -
- on the nose it is
Nike's finest kangaroo leather, -
- which is just 1,6 mm thick.
From the midfoot and back to the heel,
it is instead goats leather -
- and this leather,
especially on the nose,
means you get an awesome fit.
It wraps itself around your foot -
- and almost feels like
butter to step into,
so you get a very personal fit -
- another thing that helps regarding the boot fits,
is Nike's new last, -
- which is called X1.
This new last
resembles the one found on
the Hypervenom -
- which means the boot is a little wide, -
- and has a low and pointy nose, -
- all this means it follows the foots curvatures very well.
Another thing I take note of
is the boots sizing, -
- because it may feel a little tight to begin with.
I'm usually a size 40
and did also pick a size 40 in the Premier -
- and it did take quite
a lot of breaking in,
before I got the optimal fit -
- so if you want a little room to move in your boots,
then consider going half a size up.
In other words,
the Nike Premier is a dream to wear -
- and most importantly the comfort is so good that even my grandfather would love it -
- and yes, that is praise.
Top grades from here!
If we flip the boot around and look at the sole -
- then there's no doubt this is a boot inspired by the classics.
The sole is white
and it has these trademark black, conical studs -
- which help both comfort and maneuverability.
These studs do work quite well,
when you need to turn, -
- because these round studs do move easily through the ground, -
- but as you have probably noticed
the Premier doesn't have very long studs -
- and this does mean
that you don't get a very aggressive acceleration -
- even though it has these
jagged teeth,
at the front of the sole -
- and to be honest,
it doesn't do a great deal -
- not much effect from them.
The sole itself is made from plastic TPU -
- and Nike have made the sole,
so the front foot is quite flexible -
- while the midfoot is a little more stiff.
This gives good stability when you need it -
- while you below the front foot have a bit more freedom to move.
All in all the soleplate works
well on the Nike Premier -
- it does what it has to,
but no more than that.
When it comes to play with the ball,
classic boots have to be elegant -
- something the Nike Premier luckily is.
This kangaroo leather nose,
gives a soft, dampening feel with the ball -
- and I felt like doing small elegant touches,
when I was wearing these -
- but at the same time,
the upper is just 1,6 mm thick -
- and this means you can feel
quite a lot of what you're doing
with the ball -
- and this is an interesting combination of the classic and the modern,
which I quite like.
Striking the ball with the Nike Premier,
is also a joy -
- especially seeing as though
the nose and last is so low,
you can really get under the ball.
I do however think the sole lacks a little stiffness,
so you don't get as much force in your shots -
- and it does feel like you lose some power,
because the front foot is so flexible.
Luckily not of great concern.
All in all,
the Nike Premier is a joy around the ball -
- no nonsense -
- and you get that soft feel with the ball,
as you would expect.
I'm definitely a fan.
It's time for the final verdict of the Nike Premier.
I have to quickly conclude
that this is one of the
most comfortable boots on sale -
- but what sets this apart from the rest,
is this modern last -
- as well as the fact,
that it only weighs 245 grams, -
- which is exceptional,
for a boot this comfortable.
All in all,
Nike have found room for a lot of quality in this boot -
- and when you then consider how little this costs, -
- then I just have to give it the thumbs up
and declare myself impressed.
I would also go for the Nike Premier,
over the Copa Mundial,
simply because it weighs less -
- and because of this streamlined last.
This was just what I think, -
- what about you?
tell me in the comment-section down below.
Which is best - Premier, or Copa Mundial.
now you're there anyway,
take a look at the subscribe button -
- and get more awesome football video's.
This is all from me,
I'm off to play some more in my Nike Premier -
- see you soon,
Cheeeeeerio!
BOOF!